[DEVCOMMS-469] API de integraciones Point (#1506)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/integration-api/notifications.en.md

# Configure notifications

> If you wish, you can receive notifications from Webhooks. These are sent from our Integrations API to your receiving system through an 'HTTP POST' call in relation to the status changes presented by a payment intent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish, you can receive notifications from Webhooks. These are sent from our Integrations API to your receiving system through an `HTTP POST` call in relation to the status changes presented by a payment intent.
```

Reviewer: Creo que esto quedó sin formato en los otros dos idiomas también!
